Add session cookie deprecation notice (#12393)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/page-load-timing-resources/instrumentation-browser-monitoring.mdx

      <td>
        For browsers that do not implement the Navigation Timing Specification API, we rely on the [NREUM cookie](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/miscellaneous/new-relic-cookies#nreum) and the browser agent to collect timing information.
        <Callout variant="important">

>   For browser agent version 1217 and higher, usage of session cookies has been deprecated.

Author: ```suggestion
  For browser agent version 1220 and higher, [usage of session cookies has been deprecated](/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1220/#removed-3rd-party-cookies), so this information is only relevant if you're using browser agent version lower 1216 and lower. 
```
